1]Psoriasis:
Your health care provider will ask questions about your health and examine your skin, scalp and nails. Your health care provider then might take a small sample of skin (biopsy) for examination under a microscope. This helps determine the type of psoriasis and rule out other disorders.

2]Varicose Veins:
          Your health care provider will do a physical exam, including looking at your legs while you're standing to check for swelling. Your provider might also ask you to describe pain and aching in your legs.
3]Typhoid:
	Your health care provider may suspect typhoid fever based on your symptoms, and your medical and travel history. The diagnosis is often confirmed by growing the Salmonella enterica serotype typhi in a sample of your body fluid or tissue.
       
4]Chicken pox:
	Most often, health care providers find out you have chickenpox based on the rash.Chickenpox also can be confirmed with lab tests, including blood tests or a tissue study of samples of affected skin.

5]Impetigo:
	To diagnose impetigo, your doctor might look for sores on your face or body. Lab tests generally aren't needed.If the sores don't clear, even with antibiotic treatment, your doctor might take a sample of the liquid produced by a sore and test it to see what types of antibiotics would work best on it. Some types of the bacteria that cause impetigo have become resistant to certain antibiotics.

6]Dengue:
	Diagnosing dengue fever can be difficult because its signs and symptoms can be easily confused with those of other diseases — such as chikungunya, Zika virus, malaria and typhoid fever.Your doctor will likely ask about your medical and travel history. Be sure to describe international trips in detail, including the countries you visited and the dates, as well as any contact you may have had with mosquitoes.Your doctor may also draw a sample of blood to be tested in a lab for evidence of infection with one of the dengue viruses.
	
7]Fungal infection:
	Diagnosis of a fungal infection will begin with a physical exam and discussion of your symptoms. For a fungal skin infection, your physician may take a scraping of your skin, a hair sample or a nail clipping for analysis at a lab to determine the type of fungus causing the infection.
	
8]Common Cold:
	Most people with a common cold can be diagnosed by their symptoms. Your care provider may take a nasal or throat swab to rule out other illnesses. A chest X-ray may be ordered to rule out a lung illness.

9]Pneumonia:
	Your doctor will start by asking about your medical history and doing a physical exam, including listening to your lungs with a stethoscope to check for abnormal bubbling or crackling sounds that suggest pneumonia.If pneumonia is suspected, your doctor may recommend the following tests:

Blood tests. Blood tests are used to confirm an infection and to try to identify the type of organism causing the infection. However, precise identification isn't always possible.
Chest X-ray. This helps your doctor diagnose pneumonia and determine the extent and location of the infection. However, it can't tell your doctor what kind of germ is causing the pneumonia.
Pulse oximetry. This measures the oxygen level in your blood. Pneumonia can prevent your lungs from moving enough oxygen into your bloodstream.
Sputum test. A sample of fluid from your lungs (sputum) is taken after a deep cough and analyzed to help pinpoint the cause of the infection.
Your doctor might order additional tests if you're older than age 65, are in the hospital, or have serious symptoms or health conditions. These may include:

CT scan. If your pneumonia isn't clearing as quickly as expected, your doctor may recommend a chest CT scan to obtain a more detailed image of your lungs.
Pleural fluid culture. A fluid sample is taken by putting a needle between your ribs from the pleural area and analyzed to help determine the type of infection.
	
10]Dimorphic Hemorrhoids:
	He or she can diagnose external hemorrhoids by checking the area around your anus. To diagnose internal hemorrhoids, your doctor will perform a digital rectal exam and may perform procedures to look inside your anus and rectum.

11]Arthritis:
	The analysis of different types of body fluids can help pinpoint the type of arthritis you may have. Fluids commonly analyzed include blood, urine and joint fluid. To obtain a sample of joint fluid, doctors cleanse and numb the area before inserting a needle in the joint space to withdraw some fluid.
	
12]Acne:
	If you've tried over-the-counter (nonprescription) acne products for several weeks and they haven't helped, ask your doctor about prescription-strength medications. A dermatologist can help you:

Control your acne
Avoid scarring or other damage to your skin
Make scars less noticeable

13]Bronchial Asthma:
	Your doctor will perform a physical exam to rule out other possible conditions, such as a respiratory infection or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Your doctor will also ask you questions about your signs and symptoms and about any other health problems.

14]Hypertension:
	To diagnose high blood pressure, your health care provider examines you and asks questions about your medical history and any symptoms. Your provider listens to your heart using a device called a stethoscope.Your blood pressure is checked using a cuff, usually placed around your arm. It's important that the cuff fits. If it's too big or too small, blood pressure readings can vary. The cuff is inflated using a small hand pump or a machine.
	
15]Migraine:
	There is no lab test or imaging study that can rule in or rule out migraine. Based on screening diagnostic criteria, if you have the symptoms of headache associated with sensitivity to light, a decrease in function and nausea, you likely have migraine.
	
16]Cervical spondylosis:
	Sometimes, healthcare providers can diagnose cervical spondylosis with just a physical exam. Other times, they may order tests to learn more about what may be causing your symptoms. These tests may include the following: X-rays show the bones in your neck, their alignment, loss of bone and bone spurs (if present).
	
17]Jaundice:
	Doctors diagnose jaundice by checking for signs of liver disease such as: Bruising of the skin. Spider angiomas (abnormal collection of blood vessels near the surface of the skin). Palmar erythema (red coloration of the palms and fingertips)

18]Malaria:
	Malaria parasites can be identified by examining under the microscope a drop of the patient's blood, spread out as a “blood smear” on a microscope slide. Prior to examination, the specimen is stained (most often with the Giemsa stain) to give the parasites a distinctive appearance.

19]urinary tract infection:
	UTIs can be found by analyzing a urine sample. The urine is examined under a microscope for bacteria or white blood cells, which are signs of infection. Your health care provider may also take a urine culture. This test examines urine to detect and identify bacteria and yeast, which may be causing a UTI.
	
20]allergy:
	If your doctor thinks you have an allergy, they will pay close attention to your ears, eyes, nose, throat, chest and skin during the exam. This exam may include a lung function test to detect how well you exhale air from your lungs. You may also need an X-ray of your lungs or sinuses.
	
21]gastroesophageal reflux disease:
	A diagnosis of GERD starts with a thorough physical examination, during which you describe your symptoms and medical history. If the typical symptoms of reflux disease are present, including heartburn and regurgitation, your doctor may begin treatment without performing specific diagnostic tests.

22]drug reaction:
	With a skin test, the allergist or nurse administers a small amount of a suspect drug to your skin either with a tiny needle that scratches the skin, an injection or a patch. A positive reaction to a test often causes a red, itchy, raised bump. A positive result suggests you may have a drug allergy.

23]peptic ulcer disease:
	To detect an ulcer, your doctor may first take a medical history and perform a physical exam. You then may need to undergo diagnostic tests, such as: Laboratory tests for H. pylori. Your doctor may recommend tests to determine whether the bacterium H. pylori is present in your body.


24]diabetes:
	A fasting blood sugar level less than 100 mg/dL (5.6 mmol/L) is normal. A fasting blood sugar level from 100 to 125 mg/dL (5.6 to 6.9 mmol/L) is considered prediabetes. If it's 126 mg/dL (7 mmol/L) or higher on two separate tests, you have diabetes.